yes you may not have heard of it before
but if you're a fan of movies like
casino royale or the prince of persia
you may recognize the running and
jumping techniques known as parkour
the sport began in France and has now
taken off around the world besides
adding color to movie chase scenes
parkour has been embraced by young and
older as a spectacular way to leap over
any obstacle here in Thailand California
Wow experiences brought in the team from
par for generations Asia to offer
training at its CM Paragon branch pup
was really about big strong physical and
then you build a potential you protect
the body prepare the body to be able to
jump how far is something that not
everybody knows about so can you explain
a little bit about what it is yes Paco
is very new especially here in NJ that's
why it's all about educating people and
make them understand it's a very
accessible discipline we adapted the
teaching and training for all levels
beginners so Paco is basically a way of
getting fits it's a natural way of
training the body and mind to overcome
obstacles whether physical physical
obstacles or non physical obstacles so
through confidence you can also overcome
like life's obstacles
so it's basically a lot of running and
jumping isn't it basically a visually
looks like running climbing jumping
playing spiderman you've seen that in
movies from rooftop to rooftop and
stands in the lot of movies I've been in
a district 13 it was years ago i've been
practicing now for more than 15 years
but more and more now i go to the
teaching part which is much more
interesting and i share much more but
yes Park war is now in the movie
industry and the teaching ministry Paco
started in France has been created in
the suburb of Paris in the early 80s and
grow up has been developed a lot in the
UK especially with all the teaching we
did back to the UK about five six years
ago and now we are here in Asia and
let's see how it goes for those of us
who don't know what we're doing it's to
come to the classes and we teach them
one step at a time the basics of parkour
fundamentals trying all the conditioning
part because parkour is not all about
jumping jumping is basically the results
of years of training so you train the
body first and then you can jump now
we've got a 14 year old boy who's going
to be the class with you Dylan is that
age a girl Asia star yes it's because we
teach like kids at school there are 78
years old 14 15 is fine up to 50 60 as
well as 50 and 60 Wow 60 years old yes
oh goodness okay well we're ready to say
bit of parkour and see how fit you guys
up or you can teach us all right
you can contact these websites for more
information